chore: Add a doc section for harmonised API (#225)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: packages/orchestration/README.md

);
```

> [!Tip]
>
> #### Harmonized API
>

> > You can switch to a different model, even from another vendor, by leveraging the harmonized API of the orchestration service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As the orchestration service API is harmonized, you can switch to a different model, even from another vendor, by changing only the `model_name` property.
> All other configurations remain the same.
```

> > Here’s an example where only one line of code is changed..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Here’s an example where only one line of code is changed.
```

Reviewer: [pp] Not sure if it is necessary to provide a complete example here just for changing a property. It feels hard to emphasize this advantage on written text unlike seeing a line change in a real demo.
